---
layout: post
title:  "LEJOG 2015 - Day 4"
date:   2015-06-25 22:00:00 +0000
categories: cycling lejog
---

Today I was both mentally & physically destroyed (funny, since in the run up
to this adventure I was expecting to be this bad on day 3). Started feeling
like a dead weight up to the first cafe stop. By this point James was also
struggling, since we were hunting for a break for about 10miles. Randomly we
met a real cool old boy who had lived the adventurers life (motor bike
touring, MTB, canoe touring, and now road biking). He gave us some good tips
about what to expect in Scotland from his previous motor bike adventures.

Back on the road things were looking up until the garmin crashed twice about
35miles in. Decided to cut my losses; save and double reboot to get it into
a working state.

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true'
scrolling='no'
src='https://www.strava.com/activities/332572550/embed/672984feb034283a3b554c3db06e8bbd8538c981'>
</iframe>

From here on out we kept up the feeding to every 2 hours or so. Both body
and mind stayed strong from here on (well, for the first hour at least each
time).

Mostly a good day until a very painful/memorable part for about 5 miles
(10-15 miles from the B&B) where nearly every driver was determined to drive
like a madman. Usually don't mind drivers trying to help us be "pro" and
shave our thighs/shoulders with their wing mirrors. However, when they're
also trying to take Us and cars on the other side of the road out at the
same time, it does rub the shine off of the day. Looking back, this was the
only section of road that was filled with such disgraceful driving (between
Wettingham and Whitegate for future reference). Silver lining thought: "At
least they treated my life with the same disregard as their own and other
road users".

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true'
scrolling='no'
src='https://www.strava.com/activities/332864970/embed/7292ebebe57e23ff50b9c727057879b29c7c807f'>
</iframe>

Long day, but at least I had another dose of gammon, eggs and chips to put a
shine on the world again

As before, today's Garmin failure stats:

- Garmin crashes: 3
- LiveTrack failures: 3

Gallery
-------

(I was obviously grumpy, so no photo's taken today)
